Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hanselman. It's a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologist Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number 536.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Richard Astbury about the
Orleans distributed virtual actor model.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hanselminutes today. I'm talking with
Richard Ashbery and he is
a worker on the Orleans
framework. You called yourself kind
of an evangelist of the
Orleans virtual actor framework for.net.
That's right. I'd really like
to be more of a
contributor, but I don't have
huge amounts of spare time.
So I try to talk
about all ends whenever I
can. And I, I run
the contrib organization on GitHub
as well to try and
encourage more open source projects
around the audience space. But
you, you don't work for
Microsoft? No, no. I work
for a little company in
the backwaters of East Anglia
in England, but you fear
focuses on, on cloud computing.
And in the context of
your consultancy, you, at some
point you discovered Orleans. Yeah.
Before Orleans was launched, a
Microsoft friend of mine showed
me this thing on his
computer and said, Oh, you'd
be really interested in this
is it's. It's really cool.
It's solves some really hard
problems in distributed computing. It's
it's right up your street.
And so I got involved
and kind of had access
before it was publicly released.
And then as Orleans kind
of came out, I was,
I was quite involved in
trying to, trying to help
a community grow around it.
So sometimes we're, we're doing
our thing and we're, we're
focusing on technology and then
another technology comes along and
it lights up something in
our brains and it goes,
Oh, this is the one
I've been waiting for. This
is the framework. This is
the language. This is the
pattern as that. This is
that pattern for you. Yeah,
I think so. I think
this is the first C-sharp
kind of thought in that
project, which tried to solve
some of the hard things
in distributed computing and make
distributed computing accessible to the
masses without you having to
go and do a PhD
in some obscure computer science
stuff, you could just write
C sharp as you normally
do. And it just runs
across a cluster of machines,
which seemed really appealing to
me. Now I'm in the
I'm I'm old ish older.
I don't think I'm following
you to be honest. Yeah.
Yeah. Know, I'm in my,
you know, I'm 43 and
I have, it feels like
every 10 or 15 years
there comes along a framework
that promises to make stuff
easy. You know, and I
was there doing common D
calm. And before that I
was doing RMI and Java
and they were all these
different frameworks that would promise
me easy distributed computing is,
and it was always a
lie, right. It never really
worked. The abstraction leaked is,
is this one also alive?
Or is this, do we
finally get it right? Well,
I think you're you're right.
Nothing is new in computer
science and Orleans is an
implementation of the act model,
which was pioneered in the
1970s by Carl Hewitt, really for
a different set of problems.
He was trying to solve
artificial intelligence problems and thinking
about newer networks. And he
was inspired by particle physics
to design this actor model
and Lang popularized this in
the eighties with their, their
system. And Microsoft approached the
to model in Microsoft research.
They have a extreme computing
group building hard stuff for
fun, I think. And they
decided to take a new
look at the actor model.
And rather than go down
the Erling implementation route of
having supervision trees, they went
down a kind of a
new thing, which they then
coined the virtual actor model,
where you have these actors
that may or may not
exist in memory. And then
when you ask for them,
they're created and then some
time after you're finished with
them, they're removed from memory.
So the Orleans runtime takes
away the burden of having
to supervise lots of these
little objects in memory. So
can I ask a couple
of ignorant questions that have
popped up in my head
when we say virtual actor
model, and you're saying it's
a virtual and it may
or may not exist. That
makes me think about like
pointers versus handles. And it
also makes me think about
dependency injection and the idea
that there's a service out
there and it has scope
and it'll be waiting for
me when I need it.
And I just ask for
it and it may, I
may get a new one
or I may get one
that came out of a
pool and I don't really
care are all of those
things underneath this. Yeah. That's
the kind of concept I
think that the framework takes
away from you. Some of
the problems you have in
distributed, which are given a
set of machines, which one
has got my actor on
it. And if I want
to go and create a
new actor, which machines should
I put it on, then
I don't want to have
on more than one machine
because then I'll have my
state duplicated in two places.
And that's, that's a bad
thing. So yeah, it's an
abstraction that takes away complexity
and gives you a more
simple API to program against
where you don't have to
think about those problems. So,
so yeah, I think it
is just a higher level
of programming, I suppose, where
you don't worry about many
of the mundane pieces of
where your code runs. You
just write your code and
it goes and runs on
this somewhere across this cluster
of machines, you don't even
know where in fact the
ideal placement strategy is, is
random. I just randomly picked
some machine and put your
code on there. What has
changed in the last 10
or 20 years that made
what was a hard problem
now, a as you said,
a mundane problem, because what
I'm hearing you say is
that these were hard problems
and now they are solved.
So why do we as
application developers have to worry
about them anymore? Like it
should just be a solved
computer science problem, have the
PhDs write a framework. And
we talked to that framework
and problem solved. I think
it's hard. W w what's
changed in the environment is
that we now have cloud
computing. So we have these
almost compete infrastructures where we
can deploy our software and
you will have failure all
the time because you're running
on thousands of nodes and
these things fall over. And
you're also seeing requirements from
customers where they want to
do more and more stuff.
They've got, you know, IOT
kind of scenarios where you've
got millions of sensors and
you want to get all
this information into a system,
and then reason about it.
And you can't use traditional
programming techniques in those scenarios.
You have to, you can't
just put it all in
a secret database and push
your, your locking and thread
safety stuff into some other
system. You've got a kind
of, you gotta either come
up with radical new architecture,
like CQRS and event sourcing
and have eventual consistency, or
you have to go down
a stateful route, which has
one of the actor model
suppliers. So these aren't solve
problems. There are a bunch
of good solutions out there
of which new Erlang is
one, and has been using
some of these techniques for
a long time, but innovation
continues to happen. And they've
got some really fantastic people
in still in Microsoft research,
still contributing to all ends.
So Phil Bernstein, the pioneer
of acid transactions and databases
is I'm running a small
team, which are looking at
doing transactions across an audience
cluster. So there's still research
work and interesting stuff going
on. And as a community
in Orleans, we're looking out
at what's happening in the
world of research and industry
and trying to pick out
interesting technologies and thinking about
how we can pull them
into Orleans and, and learn
from them and implement them.
So looking at things like
the bond serializer, looking at
the raft protocol and how
we implant that in an
application on all lens and
so on and so forth.
So I don't think everything's
solved, but I think we're
on a interesting trajectory trajectory
of trying to solve these
things because of these problems.
Could you, you mentioned CQRS
command query responsibility, segregation, and
extension of the CQS principle.
Could you briefly explain where
that splits off and it
goes in one direction and
the actor model goes in
another, or how are those
related? And the same are
not the same at all?
Yeah. That there are different
approaches. I think, to solving
high scalability problems CQRS, which
goes hand in hand with
event, sourcing says he needs
to separate your read and
your right concerns into different
channels. And when you do
that, you introduce eventual consistency.
So you don't expect to
see your rights immediately in
your read channel, but that
then enables you to get
over some of the scalability
limitations of traditional databases. You
can kind of store your
data in several different places
in Charlotte and push it
across it to the other
side of the world. And
that's okay because you've got
this eventual consistency and this
licensee, and you, you kind
of give those, give those
cards away. And in the
world of distributed systems, you,
you can't have it all,
you gotta decide, what are
you going to give away?
What, what trade offs are
you gonna make? So they
are different approaches that make
different trade offs. And it
just depends on what your
requirements are. Yeah, many years
ago, I want to say
2004, 2005, I was working
in, in banking. And certainly
I wasn't sophisticated enough to
come up with a name
like CQRS or have conversations
with Martin Fowler about it.
But we, we basically had
the same idea that, well,
if you had a giant
distributed system, which we had
built in decom, you can
either get, you know, they
say good, fast or cheap,
right. Pick two, you know,
you can get it fast
or you can get it
consistent, meaning I do a
right. And then I do
an immediate read and I
get guaranteed that it's gonna
reflect the reality. Or maybe
you just can't have a
really real time system. Like
how real is real time.
Are you saying that with
these virtual models, that it
will eventually all work itself
out, as you say, eventual
consistency, but you can't have
it perfectly to the millisecond
UpToDate and also fast, also
scalable all at the same
time. I think you get
some of that with Orleans,
the normal kind of trade
offs you make in distributed
systems is around the cap
theorem, right? So you can
have, you're going to have
partition tolerance because that's going
to happen in your app,
has to deal with it.
So it's really then does
the app steer to the
consistency side or the availability
side. And so in the
event of a network partition,
when nodes kind of splits
and they can't speak to
each other, what do you
want your application to do?
Do you want it to
be available or do you
want it to be consistent
and therefore not available or
partially available? And there's all
kinds of nuances in between
where you can have different
levels of guarantees, but that's
broadly that the trade off
or Me, make sure we
give context for some people
who may not know some
of these acronyms. So I
use the common computer science
joke, you know, good, faster,
cheap pick two, the cap
theorem CAAP was called, you
know, as Eric Brewer's theorem
that says something, a computer
science that a can distributed
system can't be consistent where
everyone has the same data
all the time available, where
every request gets a response
and says, yes, it worked,
it didn't work or have
partition tolerance where it's going
to continue to work during,
you know, network failures. So
consistency, availability, and partition tolerance,
hence cap. Are you saying
that, that, have we proven
this wrong or is that
still an issue? New Orleans
strictly keeps to cap theorem
and on the availability side,
I see. So that is
the most important of the
three from its perspective, From
his perspective, he has to
maintain availability. So in the
situation of a partition in
the network, you may well
get two activations of your
actor. We call them grains
and Orleans, but there's things
you can do to compensate
for that many. There's some
active research going on into
how to reconcile these kinds
of things. Or you can
defer to a consistent store,
like the storage systems in
Azure to say, I need
to be, I need to
be very certain that I'm
the only activation. And then
you can, you can make
your grain more C than
a, so you can make
those trade offs at an
application level as well. But
yet That's really interesting. I
think like it's one thing
to say our framework values
CA ERP in a weighted
way, but to allow the
programmer to decide as they,
as they want, as the
situation applies, what is most
important to them is interesting.
That's right. Yeah. So this
started off as a Microsoft
research project, but this isn't
a toy that they use
this for halo. They did.
Yeah. Three, four, three industries
kind of approached MSR and
said, but bringing out in
this game in three months
and we really need a
system to support the back
end services. And I said,
well, three months, yeah, we
got this thing called Orleans.
And they, they got it.
They got it done. We
got this thing called halo
and it'll be fine. I
think it was one of
the other games, not Haley
for, there was a game
before then I forget the
name, but then the, it
proved it with that game
that it could do the
job. So when the halo
four came around, they pretty
much got all the backend
services with Orleans and say,
whenever you take a headshot
or something that all goes
through your lens cluster, and
it supports the kind of
second screen gaming and the,
the portal where you can
see your stats and all
that stuff. So this has
been proven. This is something
that we shouldn't worry about.
We shouldn't say, Oh no,
one's using this or no,
this can't be successful. This
is and has been successful.
Yeah. It's, it's used on
several kind of internal Microsoft
projects as well. So it's
not just the games that
supports like the halos. It's
the Skype calls I run
divert in Orleans and the
windows phone. If you remember
those, they, they make use
of all ends as well.
And bits of as your
so it's used all over
the place and there's of
course, lots of external customers.
You need people like visa
or using Orleans and, and
some other projects. I probably
can't mention This episode of
Hansel minutes is brought to
you by brain tree payments.
Why make payment integration more
difficult than it has to
be? Braintree's powerful. Full stack
payment platform allows you to
accept nearly any type of
payment from any device. With
one integration, it's flexible to
your system's needs, supports most
programming languages. So whether you're
using Java, Ruby, or Python,
you'll always have a range
of service side and client
side SDKs available. Braintree makes
payments and your job a
whole lot easier. You can
learn more@braintreepayments.com slash Hanselman. That's
Braintree payments.com/hanselman. So why would
we use this for everything?
Like this might be a
dumb question, but you've got
perpetual existence where the actors
are just out there and
you just ask for them.
And they're cool. They're always
addressable. They get, they're always,
you know, they get in
stance. It automatically you get
location transparency, which is what
they always promised us in
deacon for, you know, 40
years they've been promising us
location transparency. And this now
is real. And then the
Holy grail automatic scale-out this
means that doesn't this mean
we should write every application
this way forever. Good question.
So thank you. I think
Orleans has its strengths, but
it's not perfect for everything.
You should pick the right
technology for your set of
problems. And it's sometimes hard
to model your scenario with
the constraints that all landscapes
you. So sometimes you want
to do things like aggregate
queries. You want to say,
give me the top five
best scores in the game
or something like that, or
how many players I've got
at the moment, the kind
of aggregate queries that you
can run very easily in
a database select count star,
but they don't work very
well in Orleans because you
don't know what's activated or
not. You just got a
bunch of objects and pool
their memory. And so to
answer those aggregate queries, you've
got to go and do
a bit more work. So
it's kind of things don't
fit so well. And then
they're distributed, right? So if
you decided to go and
model, you know, a universe
or, you know, halo, and,
you know, you could certainly
have you and I shooting
at each other. And presumably
the Orleans system is going
to figure out the best
way for us to be
able to do that. And
maybe we'll end up on
the same machine. But then
I want to suddenly say,
you know, for each player
I'm going to for each
over 40 million players on X
number of machines, that's not,
this is not that this
is not a SQL database,
Correct? Yeah. You're not gonna
write up. Don't want to
query, they're going to be
talking to every single actor
in your system then that's,
that's not going to scale.
Okay. Well, what about persistence
then what's in the back
end, is it magical persistence
or is it like a
giant distributed hash table? It's
a swappable. So by default
you can have either as
yours table storage, or you
can have blob storage, which
was contributed by the community,
or you can have SQL
or where you can go
and plug in your own
thing. So people have written
providers for Reddis and for
other database systems and Raven
DB, and you can go
and plug it into that.
So you, you could in
theory, just go and connect
to any data store. And
there's this kind of automatic
persistence layer where it just
persists, they're going in state
for you, but you can
always go and just load
your own state by yourself.
So you could take a
existing traditional database. That's been
the property of your company
for years and just stick
all in some on top
of that. And is this,
this is a.net thing only,
right? So this runs in
doesn't it? Yeah. I still
write for six one at
the moment, Four 61. And
this is, is it a
only a Microsoft thing now?
Because I understand that one
of the original people on
the Microsoft research team, Gabriel
Cleo now works at Google.
So this has kind of
become a cross-company project. That's
right. So yeah, it is,
it is full on that,
but we're looking, we are
actively working on porting it
to.net core. So that'll give
us the cross platform capability
that people are asking for,
which is really good. And
yeah, there's a core team
as a team of Microsoft
employees, about five or six
of them who are paid
full time to work on
this in Microsoft studios as
a kind of extended team
in Microsoft research, research, civil
who are contributing. And then
there's people in the core
team who are not Microsoft
employees. So people that come
from the community and being
given commit rights to the
repository, it's like Gabriel. Yeah.
He left for Google, but
he's still merging pull requests
and commenting on all threads.
And we've got people who've
been recognized for being really
good contributors and made outstanding
contributions. And they've been given
the keys to accept pull
requests as well say this
fantastic is could you imagine
saying this a few years
ago that you've given people
in the community access to
maintain Microsoft's property? It's a
fantastic situation to be in
isn't that way you can,
you have enough trust in
people, random people on the
internet. You've never met to
have permission to do anything.
They want me to go
products. So how does, how
does the sound like a
community is quite healthy? How
do you make such a
successful and healthy community around
something that is so, so
for lack of a better
word, you know, PhD feeling,
Yeah, it is surprising how,
how good the community is.
And I think there's lots
of things, lots of reasons
why, why it's been successful.
But I think the main
reason is that the human
factors. So I think with
large open source projects, like
no JS, you have a
committee of people who maintain
and steer the projects, but
in smaller projects like this,
I don't think that's so
appropriate. And what we have
is, is a leader, the
main dev lead who's been
running the project since it
was started as Sergei bike
off. And he's fantastic. He's,
he's the best leader you
could have is humble and
approachable and inclusive and encouraging.
And he reaches out to
people in the community and
he talks to them about
what I'm trying to do
with Orleans and points them
in the right direction, everything
else. So I don't think
we can be in a,
I don't think we could
have a better guy behind
the wheel already. So strong
leadership at the top is
what you're saying the best
way is. And then is
that, does the do then
set the, the attitude going
down as far as like,
how are we going to
treat, pull requests and how
are we going to treat
our architecture and all that,
That kind of stuff. I
definitely think, yeah, that, that
good community starts with, it's
a good, strong leadership and
setting the right culture and
then the rest will follow.
And he goes out of
his way to try and
encourage the community and, and
set a direction. So for
example, we have a clear
roadmap of things we're trying
to achieve in the product
with the, in the project.
And that's something went out
to the community to go
and gather and put together
and then presented back to
get feedback. So he's engaging
people and working with people
in the community to build
a roadmap that fits what
what's best for Orleans, not
what's best, particularly for any
of his internal customers. And
then that gives people a
focus, you know, something to
work against some big things
in that roadmap to try
and do like the port
to net core. And when
you do that, it gives,
gives us kind of guidance
to say, know, this is
what we're trying to achieve.
And if you want to
go in, come to be
a big feature, then have
a look at these things
that are on the roadmap
and put your energy into
these things rather than people
were taking off in odd
tangents and directions of places
that you don't want your
software to go. And is
a lot of this done
in chat or virtual Hangouts,
or how do you, how
do you collect this? Cause
everyone's so distributed now. Yeah,
that's right. We've got lots
of channels. So we kind
of do a virtual meetup,
which we stole from you
where we a bit like.net
Hangouts, but we have a
couple of presentations. People talk
about some feature they're working
on in Orleans or some
ideas they have or how
they use it, for example,
with the presentation. And then
we have some questions afterwards,
such much more of a
kind of meetup concept. We
try and get as many
presenters in as possible and
have a conversation and a
dialogue. So that's one means
there's anything that's really important
for the kind of deep
techie stuff. We also have
a Gitter channel, which is
the kind of new IRC
I suppose. And that allows
us to have the kind
of water cooler moments, I
think, where you all kind
of hang out together and
chat about an issue probably
more detailed than you would
want to put in the
issues list, or just shoot
the breeze and talk about
random stuff. That's not related
to a lens. And then
we have the GitHub issues.
It's just oppose is the
real engine of the decision
making and the fostering of
ideas. And of course the,
the pull requests in there
and the code reviews. So
I think there's no one,
one way of, of running
it. Well, these things work
together, but they're all very
useful. I think probably the
most useful, most surprising to
me was that the getter
channel, because that's really used
just as much as a
kind of support mechanism as
it is for us to
get together and people pop
in there, they ask a
question often the questions are
quite open ended and not
the kind of questions you
can really ask on stack
overflow. You know, I've got
this problem, there's this kind
of all lens problem. You
know, we cannot ask further
questions and kind of try
and figure out what he's
trying to do. And people
find that really, really helpful.
I think being able to
have a dialogue rather than
a kind of short, short
answer on stack overflow answer,
Do you think it'll scale
though? I mean, at some
point don't you think at
some point a framework will
become so popular or so,
you know, so, so, so
used that, that kind of
high touch can't scale, Essentially
question, isn't it? I think
I hope that when the,
when the popularity grows and
you get more users at
the same time, your community
grows as well. And then
you've got a bigger kind
of contact area to touch
with. We don't know until
we scale it. I mean,
it's not something where we're
worrying too much about it
at the moment, but it'd
be a nice problem to
have. So we'll wait and
see. So how hard is
this to get started? What's
the hello world scenario? Cause
you know, when we think
about these new frameworks that
are opinionated, that declare, you
know, you should do your
things like this. Sometimes it
can be a little overwhelming
to set up and get
started. Yeah. Trying to reduce
friction, both for developers and
for, for users of all
ends has been really quite
important. And so we've tried
to make it as easy
as possible to get started
by providing documentation and samples
and everything else. But you
can literally new get installed
a couple of packages and
you create a peninsula face,
you create a concrete class,
download a kind of runtime,
or you host the aliens,
runtime yourself, and you're going,
so it's not that tricky.
It's quite straight forward. Lots
of people managed to get
a hell of a well
to work. So I encourage
you to have it. Have
you had a go Scott?
I have not had a
go, but I apparently I
have to. Now It is
easy here. It's too easy.
Are there other frameworks though,
like, is Orleans the only
way to do the actor
model? And I know that
there's a, there's a aca.net.
I know that there's service
fabric. I'm sure there's probably
others. How do I, Yeah,
it's funny. Five years ago,
they were kind of no
actor models on that to
choose from. And now there
are three and you're right.
Their service fabric has a
actor model over the top
of it. I can.net, which
is a port of the
Java hacker projects. And of
course all ins now, so
choice is good. And we
actively try and reach out
to those people as well
and see how we can
work together. They're all slightly
different. They make different trade
offs. So I wouldn't say
they're all direct competitors. They're
in kind of slightly different
markets. It's really interesting to
see that a chap called
Evan Bravo has built an
API over the top of
all ends to make it
look more like Aker. He
calls it that Orlean anchor,
and you can go and
download that. And an ACA
user probably feel more comfortable
using a lens that way.
And it's got fantastic gift
shop support. And another guy
ribbon bond has got Orleans
running on top of service.
So you can kind of
get the base best of
both worlds together. They cluster
membership and that data locality
of service fabric. But the,
I would say slightly better
AXA model that Orleans provides
certainly has more features. So
how do you run an
actor model on top of
an actor model and why
is that Good thing? Well,
the ribbons developed this project
that's he's opensourced, which kind
of bootstraps all ends on
top of service fabric. I
think it bypasses service fabrics
actors and goes straight into
their services cause it's kind
of multi-tiered system, isn't it
service fabric where you can
pick your level of abstraction.
So he's gone down deeper
and we're currently working on
ways to make Orleans plug
better into service fabric, which
will slowly get through. Hopefully
That means you kind of,
you, you do get the
best of all the different
things that are available to
you. There's there's value on
all these sides. And when
you add them up, you
do get something that is
better than the sum of
it. I think so I
think the service fabric and
Orleans combination could be, could
be really strong. I think
there's a bit of complexity
because you're introducing more moving
parts, but there might be,
might be the way to
go in the future here.
It'd be really nice to
see the service fabric team
kind of cooperating and kind
of embrace all ends a
bit more that we'll see
maybe one day I'll open
source that as well. Well,
it sounds like with all
of these things, if they're
open source and if they
run hopefully cross platform and
they have enthusiastic communities while
there is competition, there can
also be coopertition. Yeah, I
don't, I certainly don't see
these other projects as a
threat. So I think Stephanie Good
to, to have yeah. Kind
of a friendly rivalry to
see. Yeah. W it's not
about which is the best
or anything is it's just
about how, you know, how
can we all serve the
domain community? Really, these are
all acted on that and
all ends are open source.
So it's not like we're
making any money out of
it. It's just, it's just
giving.net guys much more, more
choices in it and more
freedom. Very cool. So folks
can learn about orleans@a.net dot
github.io/orleans or L E a
N S. And it's got
a very, very real approachable
website. The code is on
GitHub. There's both stable and
unstable releases that you can
get it's regularly being worked
on. And it has really
lovely and complete documentation as
well. It is a very
well run project. And as
you may have seen during
the.net comp kind of opening
a state of the union
address, I, it Shows up
as one of the most
active projects within the entire.net
open source community. That's right.
Yep. This has been great.
I really appreciate you taking
the time to break it
all down for us today.
Thank you for having me
this it's good. It's I
can't really stress enough. How,
how important it is to
have a good community around
these kinds of projects. When
I could have come on
the show and you invited
me on, and I went
onto, I guess, a channel
and said, has anyone got
any ideas of what I
can talk about? And one
guy, the overwhelming response was
we came to all ends
because of the community, because
we tried a few other
places and they weren't very
friendly or they didn't really
want the contribution, or we
didn't, they didn't answer our
questions. And so we bounced
around the bed and we
ended up on the lens
and there has been great.
And we going to stay
here and we're going to
become contributors, and we're going
to help you build this
thing and we're going to
talk about it and come
to be features. So I
think in several cases, the
strength of the community has
won a small, more business.
If you like an open
source product and projects, then
say more users. That's great.
It's better, isn't it? Well,
hopefully people will look at
it and watch how you
all react to pull requests
and issues and see what
a healthy community looks like
and try to mirror and
emulate that. Super thanks so
much. Richard Asprey for chatting
with me today. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.